On 10/14/07, oceanartscasino <oceanartscasino@yahoo.com> wrote:
> Eagle updated version again, added pcb-gcode contents to ulp, list shows 5 "flavors"!
> Thanks very much, since I don't actually have a mill as yet connected, would generic be
> the best choice, or is there any other suggestion just to become more familiar with the
> program or am I really just going to have to wait until I get a small machine set up? Any
> recommended low cost machines or scratch builders reference?
>

I would not wait. As you experiment, you will learn more about what
price, type and size machine will be best for you.

Google is great for finding information like this. One of the most
difficult things about starting a new hobby or profession is learning
its language. With the web (and Google), you can search for, for
instance, "homebrew cnc" Then you find a new word like "back plotter,"
then you see "linear bearing," etc. Before you know it you have
learned a lot of new words, and it is 01:00 in the morning!

I would recommend beginning with Generic.pp, it is like mach.pp, but
does not use the drill cycle (G82). That way you see what is happening
step-by-step, without any "magic" commands that do more than one
thing.

You can use one of the many "back plotters" to view the g-code you
generate with pcb-gcode.
http://www.cncsimulator.com lets you see gcode "cut" from a solid,
simulated block of material. (Free)
http://www.ncplot.com shows you the gcode drawn in 3D-space. It is
quick and easy. (V1.1 is Free)
There are many more.

As for machines, it is like the old saying, "Time, price or quality,
pick any two." If you spend more, you have to do less. There are lots
of plans, blogs, etc. on the web. There are also links, documentation,
and photos in this group.

I also /highly/ recommend Google's SketchUp CAD program.
http://sketchup.google.com/ It has turned the CAD world on its ear by
making 3D CAD easy to use. It is great for designing a machine, parts,
your new deck, etc. (There are some photos of SketchUp drawings for my
machine in this group.) I am generally a "build first, document later"
person, but designing using a CAD program first can save you a lot of
trouble later. (Free. You can also buy the professional version with
more export formats.)

If you prefer a more traditional CAD program, try Alibre Express.
http://www.alibre.com/ One of its great features is creating 2D
drawings (like blue prints) from your 3D models, automatically!
Including measurements, drill hole "call outs" (labels), etc. (Basic
version is Free)

Finally, if you have questions you can't find the answers for, post a
message in this group and someone will respond. There are a lot of
nice folks here. In fact, about 99.9% nice (there was that one guy).

Happy Milling!

--
Regards,
 JJ

http://www.pcbgcode.org
